A family in Taiwan received
a LINE message from their father.
"I had a mountain incident.
Please report for rescue."
"Xi Luan Da Shan."
Then nothing.
His phone went silent.
But it said nothing about where exactly.
No GPS coordinates. No landmark.
No distance along the trail.
Just the mountain name.
That is a very large area.
learn how to send your GPS coordinates
in an emergency.
It is simple.
Four decimal points is enough.
That one message could have saved the search teams days.
Your phone already knows exactly where you are.
The problem is — nobody else does.
He kept going downhill.
That is the instinct — find a way out.
But that is always wrong.
On terrain like this,
going downhill randomly almost
always leads to a WATERFALL.
Or a CLIFF.
There is no safe way down
except the trail you came from.
The wall under the waterfall
is over one hundred meters high.
He fell twenty meters
onto the first ledge.
Located two hundred fifty meters
below the ridge with the main trail.
The mountains will always be there.
Be ready when you go.